Update docs related to video support (#381)
pdfpc/pdfpc: README.rst

> On Ubuntu systems, you can install these dependencies with::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ubuntu 18.04 onwards, you can install these dependencies with::
```

Debain stable and "old" Ubuntu systems do not have the `gstreamer1.0-gtk3` package.
